guide: update experiment onboarding (#4220)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview.md

# DVC Experiments Overview

> DVC Experiments can be saved automatically while experiments run or manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ML experiments can be saved with DVC automatically while they run or manually
```

[compare]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/comparing-experiments
[persistent]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/persisting-experiments

## Save experiments

DVC is not opinionated about your experiments workflow. To save an experiment,

> you may choose any of these workflows:

Reviewer: Minor
```suggestion
you can follow one of these roads:
```

> - If you do not have a DVC pipeline, you can add [DVCLive] to your Python code
>   to log live results and save the experiment by including the keyword argument
>   `save_dvc_exp=True`.

Reviewer: 💅🏼 
```suggestion
- If you do not have a DVC pipeline, you can log live results from Python code
  [using DVCLive], initialized with `save_dvc_exp=True`.
```
⚠️ MD link ref would need the other half of the update (`[using dvclive]`).

- If you have a DVC [pipeline], use `dvc exp run` to both [run] your code

>   pipeline and save experiment results. `dvc exp run` also enables other

Reviewer: 💅🏼 
```suggestion
  pipeline and save experiment results. `dvc exp run` also enables advanced
```

  features like queuing many experiments at once.
- If you already have results that you want to save or don't want to use either

>   of the above methods to automatically save experiments, you can save
>   experiment results manually after your code finishes with `dvc exp save`.

Reviewer: 💅🏼 it just gets a little verbose/repetitive (hard to read)
```suggestion
  of the above methods, you can save
  experiment results manually with `dvc exp save`.
```

[pipeline]: /doc/user-guide/pipelines
[run]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/running-experiments
[dvclive]: /doc/dvclive/get-started

> [save]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/saving-experiments

Reviewer: This link is failing.

Reviewer: I guess you meant this:

```suggestion
[save]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/experiment-overview#saving-experiments
```

[compare]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/comparing-experiments
[persistent]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/persisting-experiments

## Save experiments

DVC is not opinionated about your experiments workflow. To save an experiment,
you may choose any of these workflows:

- If you have a DVC [pipeline], use `dvc exp run` to both [run] your code
  pipeline and save experiment results. `dvc exp run` also enables other
  features like queuing many experiments at once.

> - If you do not have a DVC pipeline, you can add [DVCLive] to your Python code

Reviewer 2: should this option come first? (more natural I guess)

Author: 🤷 I debated the order here. I'm happy to move it up.

Author: Moved it up

  to log live results and save the experiment by including the keyword argument
  `save_dvc_exp=True`.
- If you already have results that you want to save or don't want to use either
  of the above methods to automatically save experiments, you can save
  experiment results manually after your code finishes with `dvc exp save`.

[pipeline]: /doc/user-guide/pipelines
[run]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/running-experiments
[dvclive]: /doc/dvclive/get-started
[save]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/saving-experiments

> ## Evaluate experiments

Reviewer 2: Should we name this explicitly: saving experiments metrics, params, etc .. ?

> DVC can track and compare evaluation criteria for machine learning experiments.

Reviewer 2: `evaluation criteria` same as above and below. If we talk here about capturing metrics, params, etc, this `evaluation criteria` phrase sounds a bit too fancy to me (sounds like some eval function in train.py).
